Immediately cut off contact with that woman
As for the child who aborted him
Abort that's my child
He's your grandson too!
If you say knock it off, knock it off.
Are you human?
From small to large
For more than 20 years
What do you want me to do?
Tell you
I won't listen to you this time.
I'm in charge of my own business
Don't you dare
You die
Where do you think he could go?
Doesn't he have a good friend named Song Shuke?
You call and ask
Didn't answer
Could it be that he doesn't want to see you?
What? He doesn't want to see me yet.
Why wouldn't he want to see me?
Now my house is a mess for him
What's wrong, who?
Ah, my colleague may tell me to go back to work.
Don't worry, take your time to find it.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, Yuning, can you come?
I have a fever.